Hi, my name is Jen Straing. I'm a BOF
feedback therapist and yoga instructor.
Welcome to Yoga for
Anxiety. Yoga for Anxiety is a class
that basically helps participants learn
how to use yoga as a tool in reducing or
eliminating their
anxiety. We do that with specific yoga
postures, movement. We do a lot of
restorative yoga poses in the class. We
also do some guided imagery, some
essential oils, and a lot of breath
work. So, we're using all of those
different factors together to help
balance your nervous system so we can
reduce the anxiety, reduce the
stress. My favorite thing about Jen's
class is because she's got a great voice
and she leads you through the exercises,
I think, very methodically and
logically. Relaxing the shoulders. It's
helped me meditate and quiet my mind in
ways that I I wasn't able to do before,
accomplish before. And so I was able to
do that with this class that pathway. So
we have another go-to option. It is easy
to personalize for yourself. You can do
the yoga the way that it feels
comfortable for you and to get what you
want out of it. If you want more
information, feel free to contact us
here at the wholeness center. We look
forward to seeing you soon.
[Music]